[Music]
hey guys level-cap here today is Monday
which means it's time for an episode of
low death the series where you guys the
viewers get to pick a gun and
customization for me to use the way you
do this is you leave a comment down
below letting me know what kind of
weapon and accessories you'd like me to
run with and I will pick one of the top
comments for the next episode
now unfortunately the top comment for
this episode was one of the latest
comments just because people didn't
realize that we weren't going to get all
the weapons I didn't realize we weren't
getting all the weapons in the beta just
two per category so with that being said
today's top comment comes from Panther
Kuro so 1243 says battlefield 4 beta
loadout Russian army proposed general
issue assault rifle ak-12
Kobra red dot sight laser sight muzzle
brake servo Grif I feel like the ak-12
is the best overall gun in the beta
could you give us your opinion on that
now if you've watched my channel for any
significant period of time you'll know
that I'd like to try and figure out what
guns are good for what some of the best
guns in the game might be the ak-12 is a
very good weapon it's gotten a lot of
publicity on forums people already
saying it's the best gun in the game I
don't know if I buy into that but I will
say it's an incredibly good weapon now
for conquest domination or rather
domination we're gonna be running into
medium range in close quarter
engagements the ak-12 does have a
relatively low rate of fire at 680
rounds per minute now there is a little
way to get around this with first fire
mode and we'll talk about that slightly
later in the video but simply put 680
rounds per minute does put it on the
bottom of the food chain in terms of its
ability to kill as fast as other weapons
out there where it makes up for this is
its complete lack of recoil you'll see
here that I am just laser beaming people
from across the map now I've got the
muzzle brake on here which does in fact
make the recoil even last and I know
this is a necessary add-on to this
weapon in fact I think I would rather
just not have the barrel attachment on
there and just go with the accuracy
rather than the recoil reduction because
I'm able to control the recoil on this
weapon even without the muzzle break and
I apologize if I'm getting ahead of some
people there the muzzle break reduces
the recoil of the weapon but it
sacrifices your accuracy at the same
time so if you get a weapon that's very
hard to handle I have a feeling we're
gonna run into a few maybe the aek-971
in final release will need some help
handling that recoil then perhaps the
muzzle break will be the wiser choice
for that weapon but for the ak-12 it's
very accurate it has a low rate of fire
the recoils easy to manage so it doesn't
really make sense attaching that to this
weapon
now the ergo grip does make sense in
fact any sort of grip on any weapon is
going to be beneficial no longer do we
have accuracy penalties from battlefield
3 in battlefield 3 if you wanted the
foregrip it would reduce your
side-to-side recoil but it would
decrease your aiming-down-sights
accuracy now we don't have that penalty
so basically you should be running a
foregrip on a weapon it's going to
improve it in some way or another and
the Ergo grip improves your hipfire
accuracy by making you more accurate
while you're shooting from the hip and
moving this is pretty much great for any
weapon out there who doesn't want better
hipfire accuracy and then when we throw
the laser sight on there that further
improves your hipfire accuracy and I
think we're gonna see this combination
of ergo grip and laser sight a lot in
battlefield 4 and I wouldn't be
surprised to see some PDW coming out
that they're just gonna turn into laser
beams of death while shooting from the
hip i I can't wait to play around with
some really powerful hipfire weapons now
fortunately we have some nice stats from
sympathic comm these are all gathered
from in-game so they've been testing
timings and stuff like that we do have
reload speeds for the ak-12 the short
reload is actually two seconds which is
a huge improvement over battlefield 3
aka weapons now I would say battlefield
3 aka reload times for
we're realistic but for battlefield 4 we
have to make them a little bit more
competitive and especially considering
that the ak-12 is a slow firing weapon
we're gonna need to do something to it
to balance it out make it a little bit
more competitive in this close-quarter
environment two seconds is plenty fast
to deal with people in close quarters
reload and re-engage the next people now
let's talk about burst fire mode
previous battlefield games had burst
fire on a lot of weapons and then our
Sun guns that only had burst fire
available to them and it frankly wasn't
a huge improvement and remember the
m16a4 just thinking how it really wasn't
a very big improvement over the m16a3
they tried to give them better accuracy
but ultimately the recoil of the burst
fire weapons just made them more
difficult to use and so there wasn't
really a lot of reason to choose a burst
fire weapon over the full-auto
counterpart now in battlefield 4 we've
just got the full auto weapons and they
seem to have the burst fire option
unless some of them are limited to burst
fire like the m16 84 but this time
around dice has given us some serious
food for thought in debating whether or
not you want to fire your weapon on full
auto or in burst fire setting with the
ak-12 it normally shoots at 680 rounds
per minute on full auto when you set it
to burst fire it shoots a thousand
rounds per minute now that's in a small
three round burst but still a thousand
rounds per minute and a three round
burst means that you actually now have a
really significant factor bringing you
back to that burst fire mode it's a
little bit harder to use because you
have to repeat clicking you basically
have to tap fire the weapon instead of
just holding down for full auto and then
it's been really easier to compensate
for recoil in full auto because you
don't have to continuously tap fire and
re-experience that first round recoil
multiplier but at the same time having a
rate of fire of the thousand all of a
sudden is a big game-changer and if you
can master the burst fire on the ak-12 I
gotta say it's gonna be a much more
effective on burst fire in full auto and
when I started doing burst fire my KD r
just went up I started doing
and I was able to take down people at
range in just very short time periods
now of course there were moments in
close quarters where I was thinking you
know what I would have killed that guy
if I had it on full auto because
burst-fire messed me up a little bit
then again it's that sort of issue of
it's a hard weapon to use but if you put
in the time to get skilled with it
master you will be rewarded more so than
taking the easy route which in this case
would just be using the weapon on full
auto now as far our sights are concerned
you guys know I love Mike oversight and
the fact that it's back in battlefield 4
and all of its glory it just looks
phenomenal still love this site a lot
I'm not sure though if I'm gonna be
using this as my primary go to site and
bf4
because the coyote Red Dot site has an
even lower profile than the Cobra site
and it's got a dot in the center instead
of the three bars so I'm gonna have to
debate between the Cobra site and the
coyote red dot sight but as far as this
loadout is concerned I like it a lot I
would take the muzzle brake off of there
if you happen to unlock the flash hider
that would be a good attachment for this
weapon or just don't put a barrel
attachment on there
it's an incredibly effective weapon is
going to be very good at long-range
medium range and even close quarters
especially if you get good with that
burst fire mode so thanks for watching
guys don't forget to leave your comments
down below letting me know what you'd
like me to run for the next episode and
I'll see you guys next time this is
level-cap signing off
[Music]
you